readme.md, before:

![Built With Stencil](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Built%20With%20Stencil-16161d.svg?logo=data%3Aimage%2Fsvg%2Bxml%3Bbase64%2CPD94bWwgdmVyc2lvbj0iMS4wIiBlbmNvZGluZz0idXRmLTgiPz4KPCEtLSBHZW5lcmF0b3I6IEFkb2JlIElsbHVzdHJhdG9yIDE5LjIuMSwgU1ZHIEV4cG9ydCBQbHVnLUluIC4gU1ZHIFZlcnNpb246IDYuMDAgQnVpbGQgMCkgIC0tPgo8c3ZnIHZlcnNpb249IjEuMSIgaWQ9IkxheWVyXzEiIHhtbG5zPSJodHRwOi8vd3d3LnczLm9yZy8yMDAwL3N2ZyIgeG1sbnM6eGxpbms9Imh0dHA6Ly93d3cudzMub3JnLzE5OTkveGxpbmsiIHg9IjBweCIgeT0iMHB4IgoJIHZpZXdCb3g9IjAgMCA1MTIgNTEyIiBzdHlsZT0iZW5hYmxlLWJhY2tncm91bmQ6bmV3IDAgMCA1MTIgNTEyOyIgeG1sOnNwYWNlPSJwcmVzZXJ2ZSI%2BCjxzdHlsZSB0eXBlPSJ0ZXh0L2NzcyI%2BCgkuc3Qwe2ZpbGw6I0ZGRkZGRjt9Cjwvc3R5bGU%2BCjxwYXRoIGNsYXNzPSJzdDAiIGQ9Ik00MjQuNywzNzMuOWMwLDM3LjYtNTUuMSw2OC42LTkyLjcsNjguNkgxODAuNGMtMzcuOSwwLTkyLjctMzAuNy05Mi43LTY4LjZ2LTMuNmgzMzYuOVYzNzMuOXoiLz4KPHBhdGggY2xhc3M9InN0MCIgZD0iTTQyNC43LDI5Mi4xSDE4MC40Yy0zNy42LDAtOTIuNy0zMS05Mi43LTY4LjZ2LTMuNkgzMzJjMzcuNiwwLDkyLjcsMzEsOTIuNyw2OC42VjI5Mi4xeiIvPgo8cGF0aCBjbGFzcz0ic3QwIiBkPSJNNDI0LjcsMTQxLjdIODcuN3YtMy42YzAtMzcuNiw1NC44LTY4LjYsOTIuNy02OC42SDMzMmMzNy45LDAsOTIuNywzMC43LDkyLjcsNjguNlYxNDEuN3oiLz4KPC9zdmc%2BCg%3D%3D&colorA=16161d&style=flat-square)

# ionic-datepicker

This is a datepicker component for ionic projects. It is using js-datepicker in an ion-popover on desktop environments and the native date input on mobile devices.

## Using this component

- install `js-datepicker`
- import or globally load `js-datepicker` css
- use `ionic-datepicker` as tag on your ionic pwa
- for configration check the `src/components/ionic-datepicker/readme`

### Script tag

- [Publish to NPM](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/publishing-npm-packages)
- Put a script tag similar to this `<script src='https://unpkg.com/@codaline-io/ionic-datepicker@0.0.3/dist/ionic-datepicker.js'></script>` in the head of your index.html
- Then you can use the element anywhere in your template, JSX, html etc

### Node Modules
- Run `npm install @codaline-io/ionic-datepicker --save`
- Put a script tag similar to this `<script src='node_modules/@codaline-io/ionic-datepicker/dist/ionic-datepicker.js'></script>` in the head of your index.html
- Then you can use the element anywhere in your template, JSX, html etc

### In a stencil-starter app
- Run `npm install @codaline-io/ionic-datepicker --save`
- Add an import to the npm packages `import @codaline-io/ionic-datepicker;`
- Then you can use the element anywhere in your template, JSX, html etc

Commit message:

docs: add luxon as global peer dep

readme.md, after:

![Built With Stencil](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Built%20With%20Stencil-16161d.svg?logo=data%3Aimage%2Fsvg%2Bxml%3Bbase64%2CPD94bWwgdmVyc2lvbj0iMS4wIiBlbmNvZGluZz0idXRmLTgiPz4KPCEtLSBHZW5lcmF0b3I6IEFkb2JlIElsbHVzdHJhdG9yIDE5LjIuMSwgU1ZHIEV4cG9ydCBQbHVnLUluIC4gU1ZHIFZlcnNpb246IDYuMDAgQnVpbGQgMCkgIC0tPgo8c3ZnIHZlcnNpb249IjEuMSIgaWQ9IkxheWVyXzEiIHhtbG5zPSJodHRwOi8vd3d3LnczLm9yZy8yMDAwL3N2ZyIgeG1sbnM6eGxpbms9Imh0dHA6Ly93d3cudzMub3JnLzE5OTkveGxpbmsiIHg9IjBweCIgeT0iMHB4IgoJIHZpZXdCb3g9IjAgMCA1MTIgNTEyIiBzdHlsZT0iZW5hYmxlLWJhY2tncm91bmQ6bmV3IDAgMCA1MTIgNTEyOyIgeG1sOnNwYWNlPSJwcmVzZXJ2ZSI%2BCjxzdHlsZSB0eXBlPSJ0ZXh0L2NzcyI%2BCgkuc3Qwe2ZpbGw6I0ZGRkZGRjt9Cjwvc3R5bGU%2BCjxwYXRoIGNsYXNzPSJzdDAiIGQ9Ik00MjQuNywzNzMuOWMwLDM3LjYtNTUuMSw2OC42LTkyLjcsNjguNkgxODAuNGMtMzcuOSwwLTkyLjctMzAuNy05Mi43LTY4LjZ2LTMuNmgzMzYuOVYzNzMuOXoiLz4KPHBhdGggY2xhc3M9InN0MCIgZD0iTTQyNC43LDI5Mi4xSDE4MC40Yy0zNy42LDAtOTIuNy0zMS05Mi43LTY4LjZ2LTMuNkgzMzJjMzcuNiwwLDkyLjcsMzEsOTIuNyw2OC42VjI5Mi4xeiIvPgo8cGF0aCBjbGFzcz0ic3QwIiBkPSJNNDI0LjcsMTQxLjdIODcuN3YtMy42YzAtMzcuNiw1NC44LTY4LjYsOTIuNy02OC42SDMzMmMzNy45LDAsOTIuNywzMC43LDkyLjcsNjguNlYxNDEuN3oiLz4KPC9zdmc%2BCg%3D%3D&colorA=16161d&style=flat-square)

# ionic-datepicker

This is a datepicker component for ionic projects. It is using js-datepicker in an ion-popover on desktop environments and the native date input on mobile devices.

## Using this component

- install `js-datepicker` and `luxon`
- make them globally available (on `window`) load `js-datepicker` css
- keep in mind that it is only usable in an ionic project
- use `ionic-datepicker` as tag on your ionic pwa
- for configration check the `src/components/ionic-datepicker/readme`

### Script tag

- [Publish to NPM](https://docs.npmjs.com/getting-started/publishing-npm-packages)
- Put a script tag similar to this `<script src='https://unpkg.com/@codaline-io/ionic-datepicker@0.0.3/dist/ionic-datepicker.js'></script>` in the head of your index.html
- Then you can use the element anywhere in your template, JSX, html etc

### Node Modules
- Run `npm install @codaline-io/ionic-datepicker --save`
- Put a script tag similar to this `<script src='node_modules/@codaline-io/ionic-datepicker/dist/ionic-datepicker.js'></script>` in the head of your index.html
- Then you can use the element anywhere in your template, JSX, html etc

### In a stencil-starter app
- Run `npm install @codaline-io/ionic-datepicker --save`
- Add an import to the npm packages `import @codaline-io/ionic-datepicker;`
- Then you can use the element anywhere in your template, JSX, html etc
