src/components/ionic-datepicker/readme.md, before:

# ionic-datepicker



<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Properties

| Property              | Attribute                 | Description                                                                                                                                                                 | Type                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        | Default                    |
| --------------------- | ------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- |
| `cancelLabel`         | `cancel-label`            | Set cancel label Default: 'Abbrechen'                                                                                                                                       | `string`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | `DEFAULT_CANCEL_LABEL`     |
| `dayNames`            | --                        | Possibility to overwrite day names Default: ['Sonntag', 'Montag', 'Dienstag', 'Mittwoch', 'Donnerstag', 'Freitag', 'Samstag']                                               | `string[]`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | `DAY_NAMES`                |
| `dayShortNames`       | --                        | Possibility to overwrite day shortnames Default: ['So', 'Mo', 'Di', 'Mi', 'Do', 'Fr', 'Sa']                                                                                 | `string[]`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | `DAY_SHORT_NAMES`          |
| `defaultDate`         | `default-date`            | default date as iso date\|datetime string Default: today when required                                                                                                      | `string`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | `undefined`                |
| `disabled`            | `disabled`                | Flag if datepicking is disabled Default: disabled                                                                                                                           | `boolean`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | `false`                    |
| `displayFormat`       | `display-format`          | How the date should be formatted for ion-datetime for display purposes (https://ionicframework.com/docs/api/datetime/#display-and-picker-formats) Default: "DD. MMMM YYYY"  | `string`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | `'DD. MMMM YYYY'`          |
| `error`               | `error`                   | Flag if it should be marked as error Default: false                                                                                                                         | `boolean`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | `false`                    |
| `errorClass`          | `error-class`             | Possibility to overwrite the error css class Default: 'ionic-datepicker-error'                                                                                              | `string`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | `'ionic-datepicker-error'` |
| `ionDateTimeOnMobile` | `ion-date-time-on-mobile` | ionDateTimeOnMobile if ion datetime picker is used on mobile devices Default: false                                                                                         | `boolean`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | `false`                    |
| `ionPopoverOptions`   | --                        | Change ionic popover options, Omit<PopoverOptions, 'mode' \| 'component' \| 'componentProps'> Default: {}                                                                   | `{ showBackdrop?: boolean; backdropDismiss?: boolean; translucent?: boolean; cssClass?: string \| string[]; event?: Event; delegate?: FrameworkDelegate; animated?: boolean; keyboardClose?: boolean; id?: string; enterAnimation?: AnimationBuilder; leaveAnimation?: AnimationBuilder; }` | `{}`                       |
| `max`                 | `max`                     | Max selectable date as iso date\|datetime string Default: today + 100 years                                                                                                 | `string`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | `DEFAULT_MAX()`            |
| `min`                 | `min`                     | Min selectable date as iso date\|datetime string Default: today - 100 years                                                                                                 | `string`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | `DEFAULT_MIN()`            |
| `mode`                | `mode`                    | Changes the mode of ion-popover and ion-datetime> Default: undefined                                                                                                        | `"ios" \| "md"`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             | `undefined`                |
| `monthNames`          | --                        | Possibility to overwrite month names Default: ['Januar', 'Februar', 'März', 'April', 'Mai', 'Juni', 'Juli', 'August', 'September', 'Oktober', 'November', 'Dezember']       | `string[]`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | `MONTH_NAMES`              |
| `monthShortNames`     | --                        | Possibility to overwrite month shortnames Default: ['Jan', 'Feb', 'Mär', 'Apr', 'Mai', 'Jun', 'Jul', 'Aug', 'Sep', 'Okt', 'Nov', 'Dez']                                     | `string[]`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | `MONTH_SHORT_NAMES`        |
| `okayLabel`           | `okay-label`              | Set okay label Default: 'Okay'                                                                                                                                              | `string`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | `DEFAULT_OKAY_LABEL`       |
| `pickerFormat`        | `picker-format`           | How the date should be formatted for ion-datetime  for display purposes (https://ionicframework.com/docs/api/datetime/#display-and-picker-formats) Default: "DD. MMMM YYYY" | `string`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | `'DD. MMMM YYYY'`          |
| `pickerOptions`       | --                        | Options for the js-datepicker Default: {}                                                                                                                                   | `object`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | `{}`                       |
| `placeholder`         | `placeholder`             | placeholder if not required and empty Default: Datum                                                                                                                        | `string`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | `'Datum auswählen'`        |
| `required`            | `required`                | Required input Default: false                                                                                                                                               | `boolean`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | `false`                    |
| `yearLabel`           | `year-label`              | Set year label Default: 'Jahr'                                                                                                                                              | `string`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | `DEFAULT_YEAR_LABEL`       |


## Events

| Event     | Description                                                     | Type                  |
| --------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------- |
| `changes` | Event that emits the iso date string everytime the date changes | `CustomEvent<string>` |


## Methods

### `open() => Promise<void>`

Programmatically open the picker

#### Returns

Type: `Promise<void>`




----------------------------------------------

*Built with [StencilJS](https://stenciljs.com/)*

Commit message:

feat: blur and focus handling

src/components/ionic-datepicker/readme.md, after:

# ionic-datepicker



<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Properties

| Property              | Attribute                 | Description                                                                                                                                                                 | Type                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        | Default                    |
| --------------------- | ------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------- |
| `cancelLabel`         | `cancel-label`            | Set cancel label Default: 'Abbrechen'                                                                                                                                       | `string`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | `DEFAULT_CANCEL_LABEL`     |
| `dayNames`            | --                        | Possibility to overwrite day names Default: ['Sonntag', 'Montag', 'Dienstag', 'Mittwoch', 'Donnerstag', 'Freitag', 'Samstag']                                               | `string[]`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | `DAY_NAMES`                |
| `dayShortNames`       | --                        | Possibility to overwrite day shortnames Default: ['So', 'Mo', 'Di', 'Mi', 'Do', 'Fr', 'Sa']                                                                                 | `string[]`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | `DAY_SHORT_NAMES`          |
| `defaultDate`         | `default-date`            | default date as iso date\|datetime string Default: today when required                                                                                                      | `string`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | `undefined`                |
| `disabled`            | `disabled`                | Flag if datepicking is disabled Default: disabled                                                                                                                           | `boolean`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | `false`                    |
| `displayFormat`       | `display-format`          | How the date should be formatted for ion-datetime for display purposes (https://ionicframework.com/docs/api/datetime/#display-and-picker-formats) Default: "DD. MMMM YYYY"  | `string`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | `'DD. MMMM YYYY'`          |
| `error`               | `error`                   | Flag if it should be marked as error Default: false                                                                                                                         | `boolean`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | `false`                    |
| `errorClass`          | `error-class`             | Possibility to overwrite the error css class Default: 'ionic-datepicker-error'                                                                                              | `string`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | `'ionic-datepicker-error'` |
| `ionDateTimeOnMobile` | `ion-date-time-on-mobile` | ionDateTimeOnMobile if ion datetime picker is used on mobile devices Default: false                                                                                         | `boolean`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | `false`                    |
| `ionPopoverOptions`   | --                        | Change ionic popover options, Omit<PopoverOptions, 'mode' \| 'component' \| 'componentProps'> Default: {}                                                                   | `{ showBackdrop?: boolean; backdropDismiss?: boolean; translucent?: boolean; cssClass?: string \| string[]; event?: Event; delegate?: FrameworkDelegate; animated?: boolean; keyboardClose?: boolean; id?: string; enterAnimation?: AnimationBuilder; leaveAnimation?: AnimationBuilder; }` | `{}`                       |
| `max`                 | `max`                     | Max selectable date as iso date\|datetime string Default: today + 100 years                                                                                                 | `string`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | `DEFAULT_MAX()`            |
| `min`                 | `min`                     | Min selectable date as iso date\|datetime string Default: today - 100 years                                                                                                 | `string`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | `DEFAULT_MIN()`            |
| `mode`                | `mode`                    | Changes the mode of ion-popover and ion-datetime> Default: undefined                                                                                                        | `"ios" \| "md"`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             | `undefined`                |
| `monthNames`          | --                        | Possibility to overwrite month names Default: ['Januar', 'Februar', 'März', 'April', 'Mai', 'Juni', 'Juli', 'August', 'September', 'Oktober', 'November', 'Dezember']       | `string[]`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | `MONTH_NAMES`              |
| `monthShortNames`     | --                        | Possibility to overwrite month shortnames Default: ['Jan', 'Feb', 'Mär', 'Apr', 'Mai', 'Jun', 'Jul', 'Aug', 'Sep', 'Okt', 'Nov', 'Dez']                                     | `string[]`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | `MONTH_SHORT_NAMES`        |
| `okayLabel`           | `okay-label`              | Set okay label Default: 'Okay'                                                                                                                                              | `string`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | `DEFAULT_OKAY_LABEL`       |
| `pickerFormat`        | `picker-format`           | How the date should be formatted for ion-datetime  for display purposes (https://ionicframework.com/docs/api/datetime/#display-and-picker-formats) Default: "DD. MMMM YYYY" | `string`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | `'DD. MMMM YYYY'`          |
| `pickerOptions`       | --                        | Options for the js-datepicker Default: {}                                                                                                                                   | `object`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | `{}`                       |
| `placeholder`         | `placeholder`             | placeholder if not required and empty Default: Datum                                                                                                                        | `string`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | `'Datum auswählen'`        |
| `required`            | `required`                | Required input Default: false                                                                                                                                               | `boolean`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | `false`                    |
| `yearLabel`           | `year-label`              | Set year label Default: 'Jahr'                                                                                                                                              | `string`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    | `DEFAULT_YEAR_LABEL`       |


## Events

| Event     | Description                                                          | Type                  |
| --------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------- |
| `blurred` | Event that emits when the component loses the focus and gets blurred | `CustomEvent<void>`   |
| `changes` | Event that emits the iso date string everytime the date changes      | `CustomEvent<string>` |
| `focused` | Event that emits when the component gets the focus                   | `CustomEvent<void>`   |


## Methods

### `open() => Promise<void>`

Programmatically open the picker

#### Returns

Type: `Promise<void>`




----------------------------------------------

*Built with [StencilJS](https://stenciljs.com/)*
